HJ-138 - Added a security setting that must be set to true to enable the access request download feature (#5451)
ethyca/fides: CHANGELOG.md

- Added DataHub integration config [#5401](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5401)
- Added keepalive settings to the Redshift integration [#5433](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5433)

### Changed

> - Add an environment variable that must be true to enable the Access request download feature [#5451](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5451)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a security setting that must be set to true to enable the access request download feature [#5451](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5451)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
